## Clarifying Requirements
- Business Objective: increase user experience by serving them similar images of their choice, increase click-through-rate
- Is the system cold-start or we already have a certain application, but want to improve on it?
- Do we have human-labeled data, or we are going to use user interaction data to build the model?
- What is the scale of the system? How many images, how many users, how many requests per minute
- Is it personalized?
- How many similar images we are going to serve per request?
- How fast would it need? Do we prioritize accuracy over latency?
## Frame it as an ML task
- ML objective: retrieve images with high similarity
- I/O
	- Input: user selected image
	- Output: a list of similar images ranked from most similar to least similar
- ML category
	- We need to find similar images, to do that, we can map each image to an embedding, so that we can find image with similar embeddings. Then we can rank the images by similarity scores.
	- Key is to map image to embedding space -> representation learning
## Data
### What
- Since we are not offering personalized experience for users, we don't really need user features.
- We need information about image
	- image id, image file, upload time, tags
- We need user interaction data of the current system, so we can create labeled data
	- user request image id, similar image id, position in the list, interaction (impression or click), time stamp
### Preparation
- Image processing: we need to process the image so that they are of the same size, and scale the pixels, make sure they are all in the same color schema etc.
- 